# Cryptocurrency Trading Software

We will create an automated cryptocurrency trading application that will be automatically buy and sell different cryptocurrencies on the Binace marketplace using the Binance API. We will incorperate many alogorithms to make trading more profitable and efficient. Some of the simple algorithms that we will incorperate into this software application will be stop losses (buy/sell when the cryptocurrency falls below a certain price), limit orders (buy/sell when it rises above a certain price). We will also be incorperating an arbitrage strategy which will essentially be finding the most profitable path between multiple exchanges in order to earn the most amount of money (hint graphs and dijkstras). Another feature of our software will be using NLP to analyze text data from investor relations hearings and/or expert reports in order to find valuable information on whether or not to buy or sell a given coin. (this will be using a similar ranking algorithm from autocorrect, we will also update the weight of each expert, hint, The expert problem) There are many other algorothms we hope to implement into our trading software that will make our algorithms more suited for dealing with the cryptocurrency market. 

Some of the data structures we will implement include directed graphs for arbitrage monitoring, maps for the NLP tasks and trees for the experts problem. 

We will primarily be using Java to build the application backend. To link it with the application frontend, we will be using javascript. On the frontend we will use bootstrap and react to create an exception, realtime application. The website will also include user functionality in which users are allowed to create accounts and update their profiles with information they deem important to the success of their trading profile. 

Our team comes from many different backgrounds. Two of our team members have experience working with machine learning and deep learning models and this will come in hand when we will incorperate NLP into our software. Three of our team members have experience working with web applications and this will be useful in creating an exception user interface and user experience. Finally we have a person on our team who has mutiple years of experience in the cryptocurrency market and understands the limitations of Binance and the Binance API. One of our weaknesses include incorperating all the various parts of the project that can be combined to convey information to the user on the frontend. We will be meeting up quite frequently in order to ensure that all componenets of the application match up as expected and all team members are on track.
